Show how to add Fastlane plugins (#637)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/integrations/fastlane-integration.md

gem "cocoapods"
```

## Fastlane plugins

> If you are using any Fastlane plugins you should create a script to install them as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using any Fastlane plugins, you should create a script to install them as follows:
```

```
      - name: Install Fastlane plugins
        script: |

>           cd ios     # change to ios folder if required

Reviewer: should the comment be about android folder?

>           cd ios     # change to ios folder if required

Author: ```suggestion
          cd ios     # change to ios/android folder as required
```
